>> Brian Holt: Congratulations on
finishing a class on containers.
You didn't know that you could spend
this much time thinking about three
different Linux tools duct-taped together,
but here we are.
I mean, that's really my hope for you
taking this class, is kind of demystify
what goes into a container,
why we have them, why they're useful.
And just really how powerful those
three tools just kind of put together.
We've built so many layers on top of it.
But at the end of the day, it really is,
we're talking about Linux jails,
namespaces and control groups, right?
Everything on top of that is just
additional tooling that we put
on top of it.
So here's, I mean, this is basically
everything that we went into just
kind of for as a rear point of review,
but you were here, so you know that.
So I'm gonna say congrats,
most of you now are ahead of the curve and
containers, I would say most of
the developers in the industry don't
understand the depth of containers here,
and you do.
I mean, I said this five years ago and
I was right that I think that containers
are only gonna become more important in
our day to day development environment.
People told me I was nuts that,
something else was gonna supersede that,
that Micro VMs was the future, and
a bunch of stuff like that, and
they were wrong, and I am still right.
And I still think that these are gonna
get just more and more important.
If you're not using containers
in your day-to-day already,
which I imagine many of you are.
Then I imagine, within the next couple
of years, either at your current job or
your next job, you probably will be
using containers in some capacity.
And I'll also say that anytime
you open your phone or
get on the Internet, you're interacting
with a container in some variety.
Because I would definitely
say that every Fortune
500 company has containers
somewhere in their stack, right?
So they're just everywhere, and
they're becoming even more places.
I use containers for stuff like,
I run my home assistant at home,
like I have a couple of Raspberry Pis that
are just spread out throughout my house.
And it was literally easier for
me to just use Kubernetes because now
I can just manage all the container
images and just send them that way.
Which ended up being like a really cool
workflow and a fun way to apply this,
all this stuff as well.
Yeah, and I only see this like,
you see Kubernetes on in fridges,
you see them on watches,
you see them in billboards.
I think you're just gonna
continue seeing them everywhere.
I think it's StackBlitz, so
it's using now web containers, right?
So you can actually ship containers
to clients using WebAssembly,
which is really cool as well.
Thanks for sticking with me, please
let me know how you like the course.
I left my link down here,
you can go ahead and tweet at me.
Or star the course on GitHub,
that always makes me feel good.
And yeah, thanks for sticking around.
>> [APPLAUSE]